hey okay but I'll shake the top I made
these beautiful shoes for my baby for
Christmas look Adam so beautiful now
these are not don't all-star colors
resistible shoes and we set them that
I'll just be seen they were all the same
and I was so I bought it for her and I
got a little gum and you blame them
I did this with a pack of diamonds that
I got from rankles they got all
different sizes on them as you see the
red light it's probably my cam I'm sorry
what it's got like all this besides I'm
not just kind of like bitumen in the
glue I used was the e6000 these 600 it's
something like that but I got some
Michaels also the big to look like $5.00
these diamonds were like 10 or 11
dollars but at Hobby Lobby they had like
a big big jar of them so like $20 I
should've got that one too now I want to
bring down everything this show right
here as you can see all together
once you is actually shinier than the
other blinging because this shoe right
here I sprayed it with that crayon clear
coat spray that supposed to be great for
like Jerry and I faint but I'm finding
out that I don't really like it but
anyways it may be stylist with a little
dull and stuff like that I don't I don't
really like it so I'm trying to like
something I'll punch them over on it or
something but I just wanted to show you
guys my baby shoe let me hold it up for
you again it is so gorgeous
I love doing it's great no this is just
like
initiative to like bling out everything
I want to bling out everything literally
now okay guys come to show you this
thank you for watching please like
always rate comment and subscribe thank
you bye